c:\users\eahscs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZombieShootor\ZombieShootor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\bullet.xnb
c:\users\eahscs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZombieShootor\ZombieShootor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\player.xnb
c:\users\eahscs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZombieShootor\ZombieShootor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\zmbie.xnb
c:\users\eahscs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZombieShootor\ZombieShootor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\ZombieShootor.exe
c:\users\eahscs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZombieShootor\ZombieShootor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\ZombieShootor.pdb
c:\users\eahscs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZombieShootor\ZombieShootor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\eahscs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZombieShootor\ZombieShootor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\eahscs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZombieShootor\ZombieShootor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\eahscs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZombieShootor\ZombieShootor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\eahscs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZombieShootor\ZombieShootor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\eahscs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZombieShootor\ZombieShootor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\eahscs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZombieShootor\ZombieShootor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\eahscs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZombieShootor\ZombieShootor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\eahscs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZombieShootor\ZombieShootor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\eahscs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZombieShootor\ZombieShootor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\eahscs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZombieShootor\ZombieShootor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\eahscs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZombieShootor\ZombieShootor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\eahscs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZombieShootor\ZombieShootor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\eahscs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZombieShootor\ZombieShootor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\eahscs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZombieShootor\ZombieShootor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\eahscs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZombieShootor\ZombieShootor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\eahscs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZombieShootor\ZombieShootor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\eahscs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZombieShootor\ZombieShootor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\eahscs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZombieShootor\ZombieShootor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\eahscs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZombieShootor\ZombieShootor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\eahscs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZombieShootor\ZombieShootor\obj\x86\Debug\ZombieShootor.exe
c:\users\eahscs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZombieShootor\ZombieShootor\obj\x86\Debug\ZombieShootor.pdb
c:\users\eahscs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZombieShootor\ZombieShootor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\font.xnb
c:\users\eahscs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZombieShootor\ZombieShootor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\wall.xnb
c:\users\eahscs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZombieShootor\ZombieShootor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\fart.wma
c:\users\eahscs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZombieShootor\ZombieShootor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\fart.xnb
C:\Users\eahscs\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ZombieShootor\ZombieShootor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\hurt.xnb
C:\Users\eahscs\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ZombieShootor\ZombieShootor\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\pew.xnb
